Revise Provenance Issues (#6)
Imageomics/BeetleVerse: README.md

# BeetleVerse

> **BeetleVerse** is a benchmark suite for evaluating vision models on ground beetle classification. It provides evaluation notebooks and results for genus- and species-level classification, domain adaptation, sample-efficient probing, and multimodal extensions for existing datasets. This repository accompanies the paper: [BeetleVerse: A study on taxonomic classification of ground beetles](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2504.13393).

Reviewer: By _for existing datasets_ do you mean _any_ existing datasets, or is _for select datasets_ (or _for the select datasets listed below_) what you really mean?

Author: I was trying to say for the already published datasets, since this isn't actually introducing new datasets, but it read like that in a few places.

Reviewer 2: maybe specify by saying sth like " .. for four published beetle datasets."

> **BeetleVerse** is a benchmark suite for evaluating vision models on ground beetle classification. It provides evaluation notebooks and results for genus- and species-level classification, domain adaptation, sample-efficient probing, and multimodal extensions for existing datasets. This repository accompanies the paper: [BeetleVerse: A study on taxonomic classification of ground beetles](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2504.13393).

Author: ```suggestion
**BeetleVerse** is a benchmark suite for evaluating vision models on ground beetle classification. It provides evaluation notebooks and results for genus- and species-level classification, domain adaptation, sample-efficient probing, and multimodal extensions for four previously published beetle datasets. This repository accompanies the paper: [BeetleVerse: A study on taxonomic classification of ground beetles](https://doi.org/10.48550/arXiv.2504.13393).
```
@hlapp, would this be clearer?

> This repository is **not** associated with the publication or release of any of the datasets listed above.  
> This repository provides **code and evaluation pipelines** for benchmarking models on these datasets.  
> All datasets are maintained and distributed by their respective authors and institutions and should be cited separately as specified by their original sources (See [Dataset Citation](#Dataset-Citation)).

> > Refer to the datasets for appropriate licensing applied to the images and associated metadata.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Refer to the individual datasets for the licenses that apply to the images and associated metadata.
```
